+++ TODO

CSS
change image urls to point to heroku

Wyjyt
framework for app
quit an app
adaptive css?

Connect4
send winner message
send looser message
send your turn message
send waiting for player to move message
adaptive css?

chat
leave button
adaptive css?


RELIABILITY
o add client-side retry for lost messages
  add unique message id that increments with every send
  add a try# field to every message that defaults to 1
  add a timeout for the expected response
  return the unique message id on responses to wid's
  if a message response times out, increment the try# and resend.
  when a message is received, cancel the timeout
  notify user of connectivity issues (use indicator in status bar)


UI Framework
o modal prompt

o animation framework

o reset each display on first render
  When playing a game and leaving, then starting a new game.
  the displays show the end of the last game played.
  when showing a display, be have a reset data function prior to rendering

o Create a  ModelReferenceTable for BackBone Models only.
Allow displays to reference a model by name in the ModelReferenceTable
(Instead of creating their own default-empty model)
This will let multiple display's point to the same model.
the server will still update models, by sending updates to a named display,
All other displays referencing that same model should auto-update as well.

o Create a conditional navigation for click events.
Say you want to navigate to the chat room screen on click,
if you have already registerd your name, then nav to chat room screen
else nav to registration screen first to enter name, then to the chat room screen

o prepopulate form data with model

o Create a wizard which has many screens bound to the same model set
(May also be able to use this for the conditional navigation)
  + model set (maybe one root model?)
  + screen set (all the screens in the wizard)
  + rule set - specify screen flow logic

Services:
o login: username, facebook, twitter, google+
o invite friends to a game
o share post
o store: gifts, identity
o purchase: mobile payment, paypal, credit card, others?
o subscription: (same options)
o leader-board
o achievments
o persistence: mongoDB
