Limited invitation to our early adopters

You have signed up with rylyz as an early adopter
You can now activate your account!
(use this link: [activation_url])

Were lanching the first of many fun and engaging apps to come!
Our first app is a social trvia game that comes just in time for the Olympics!
(alpha version)

You will be able to offer a daily trivia quiz which will help:
 o to bring your visitors back to your site every day for a new quiz.
 o to bring more visitors to your site.
 o to create linkbacks to your site for more SEO juice.
 o your visitors have some fun and learn about the upcomming Olympics.

Do add the game, simply 
  1. activate your account by signing in one time with this link (secure oauth)
  2. register your site's domain
  3. copy the HTML5 code and add it to your site


alpha release: 
  to provide a better experience  players
 features may be updating, and changing as we learn from your needs and from what your visitors like
The app will be self contained, so, unlike advertising or affiliate links, visitors won't leave the site when they play the app.
They can close the game and return to their site whenever they want.
 sample question

Comming Soon:
 add your your own trivia questions from content on your own site:
    when players are prompted with your trivia question they will also see your site domain and be able to visit.
 share in profits
The trivia game is our first app, and we will be developing even more to help engage visitors.
Our first apps may not have the ability for players to make purchases, but future versions will.
When a player makes a purchase, we will also share profits with the bloggers.


About Us
We are launching a new venture. We want to help bloggers by adding social games to their site so blog visits increase. You'll find out more about us on rylyz.com/play.

Thanks for being an early adopter, 
we look forward towards your feedback and involvment for how we can  helping you build a more engaging and profitable site!

The rylyz team












* Email

  Subject: We're setting up your rylyz dashboard

  View your dashboard.
    sign in now to see:
    your pricing plan
    your base profit sharing rate
    number people you have referred to us and how many of them have signed up.

  Register your url with us
    Register and promote your website with Rylyz.

    Once you register a website with us - we will start to actively promote your site:
    After all, we want you to have as many visitors as possible so that more people will play games, make purchases and invite their friends to your site.
    Will promote your site to our other bloggers and also give you some SEO juice with backlink.

    We will promote your url to all of our bloggers and we will also give you a backlink to help add to your SEO structure.
    After all, we want you to have as many visitors as possible.
    Them more visitors you have the more people will play games and make purchases, and the more profits there will be for us to share.
    Its a win, win, win.

    Don't have a website?
    If you don't have a website or blog, we encourage you to get one going!
    There are a lot of great ways to start a website:
    Try tumblr or blogspot.
    You can still go ahead and register with the above link.
    Add your url anytime you want.

  
  Let us know if you want to be an alpha tester.
  We are working towards our alpha release.
  include cost, profit sharing rate, clicks, signups.
  We'd like to start setting up for our early adopters (which you are)
  If you would like to offer social games to people who visit your website(s),
  please go ahead and register the url(s) that you will use.
  You can register as many sites as you want with your account.

  We are going to start by creating a simple chat app that you can add to your site.
  your visitors will be able to chat with each other, and with you!

  The chat app will help us to solidify our messaging architecture and development framework. 
  It's the same platform that will be used by all of our games.
  As and early adopter, your participation will help us to form our service and to get to profit sharing sooner!


  Increase your total profit sharing:
  <share url>
  http://rylyz.com/play?lrRef=<share_code>
  Tweet it, share it, post it to forums, make blog comment and email to webmasters you know:
  Your base profit sharing will go up for each active referral.


  Your membership is very valuable to us:
  You are one of our early adopters.
  We know that early adopters are inovative, tech savvy and generally want to play with new things before they become mainstream.
  In fact, early adopters help to decide which of their favorite toys actually become main stream for the rest of the world.

  We are currently a small team, creating this new path.
  Moving in the right direction is important to us.
  We know that your input and interactions will help to guide us toward the right direction.
  So, don't be shy and give us a guiding light anytime you like!
